This directory contains a set of IDL routines (contained within hexa.pro) to
visualise the output of the simulations. Namely with hexa.pro fieldline plots
can be generated with which one can visualise the 3D magnetic field.

USAGE:

- Type in '.r hexa' to compile hexa.pro

- type 'hexa'. This produces a grapical interface to the program. 

- Under the main menu, select 'Setup Directory and Grid' (or alternatively type
  'prog_grid' into the IDL prompt). You will then be prompted to type in the
  directory containing the output files from the simulation. This will set up
  the program to use the appropriate hexa grid.
  
- Under the main menu select 'Restore 3D Model from File' (or alternatively type
  'prog_restore' into the IDL prompt). You will then be prompted to type in the
  filename of the file you want read in.
  
Then select either "Show 1D Display", "Show 2D Display" or "Show 3D Display" to display the data.




Below all the menu options are listed and their functions are described:

Set HEXA Home Directory (prog_home):
Sets the IDL program's default path. The user is asked to enter the path they
would like to use.

Setup Directory and Grid (prog_grid):
Sets the directory the simulation files are stored in and sets up the grid.
The user is asked to enter the path where the simulation files are stored.


Restore 3D Model from File (prog_restore):
Reads in the output file specified by the user.

Restore Current File (prog_restore_cur):
Reads in the previously read in file.

Recompute magnetic field (prog_field):
Computes (B, J and v) from the vector potentials. This is automatically called
by prog_restore and prog_restore_cur.

Show 1D Display (prog_plot1d):
Plots various quantities (e.g. B, J, v, alpha etc...) along a user defined
1D cut.

Show 2D Display (prog_plot2d):
Plots a 2D cut through the 3D volume. The cut can be visualised as a contour
plot (or greysclale) of the component normal to the cut, and vectors denote the
component in the plane of the cut. If the user clicks on the plot area, a field line is drawn from the location they click. The user can also locate flux ropes
by clicking 'Find Flux Ropes' (or typing in 'frfinder[,threshold=...]') which
locates the positions of the flux rope axes in the volume where the field
strength is greater than a certain threshold (default: 50G). Clicking 'VIEW' will
then plot field lines from the flux rope axis locations.

Show 3D Display (prog_plot3d):
Allows the field lines drawn to be viewed in 3D, by the user selecting the view
angle. The user can also produce an animation of the volume being rotated (via 
the 'ROTATE' button) and view a time sequence of the evolving field (through the
'TimeSeq' button).

Show Surface Evolution (prog_evolve):
Displays an animation of the photospheric boundary condition.

Save Field Lines (prog_save_lines):
Saves the starting points of the current set of field lines to file. The user is
asked to enter the number to be used in the field line save file.

HEXA Colour Table (hexa_colour):
Sets up the Hexa colour tables and plot settings. This procedure is automatically
called during startup, but may occasionally require to be called to reset the
plot settings.

About HEXA:
Displays information about Hexa and its developers

Quit:
Exits hexa.
